the bomb is only now it's almost an hour
in the afternoon is already one of the ones I
already avenge the staff did not wake up and left
house of friends engine of the enemy do not know
that I was doing what you like
also making military personnel the case
to worry
I think the Flemish
because
was good
there the house the staff also wants to do
some 30 hours in families goes case
also glue to get the case going
going here in the bay is the case of
house from house to house in the white house of
obama and casio is kazuo or not
You guys already know who to do.
now it will be there in the channel of the
if he stole the card two yesterday
girls ahead of Avai and michael
I was in my room because that
shirt that we used the neighbor and
leaked yesterday because the hotel swell is the
key to entering school is that I
explain that she only get into sporting
So I 've left the room will me
meet and learn
Then someone spoke back to nobody.
I still do not know I was going to make a
thing most marks the campaign always with
tite
I think tomorrow where the fuck
campaign it out of the skype case only in
Portuguese
and it always comes in front of me when
same as a sekita
hit me guys when the staff
We agreed we go to somewhere
Where do not you want to do it before?
good people coming, huh?
the maikon is shitting a van that they take
photos but one against Ghana no longer know
ai friend I also want to poop will
that I want to do poop makoun opened
maicon
go marquinhos then let me come with
You will not dial
ai young lady dog ​​see that our michael
what did you eat by the hand but what filled
Our room was just an entire room.
name the property more defending the front
television
with this drought
I want to
What we saw was better, so will
In a good mood, having lunch today will be more
go towel
ai qing
it's almost a euphemism and a dancer goes
Mark
and just gave you a 6.33 and keys
Quiet downstairs in europe where you can take a shower
I will not fall, the world will fall
Let's get another touch of
mountain than the last mohawk he
touch that the two Africa follows pole was
who almost the shirt now goes the shirt
personal quota
there are other members of the coca zone
money
pedro not call gave
O is that over the horn blunder
first cause
what